Link to more detail about breaking changes (#24215)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/library-guidance/breaking-changes.md

✔️ CONSIDER leaving new features off by default, if they affect existing users, and let developers opt in to the feature with a setting.

> For more information about behavior breaking changes in .NET APIs, see [.NET behavioral changes compatibility](/dotnet/core/compatibility).

Reviewer: Did you mean to link to the specific section on behavioral changes?

```suggestion
For more information about behavior breaking changes in .NET APIs, see [.NET behavioral changes compatibility](../../core/compatibility/index.md#behavioral-changes).
```

> Removing APIs is a binary breaking change. Considering keeping obsolete types and methods if maintaining them is low cost and doesn't add lot of technical debt to your library. Not removing types and methods can help avoid the worst-case scenarios mentioned above.

> For more information about what .NET API changes break binary compatibility, see [.NET public contract compatibility](/dotnet/core/compatibility#modifications-to-the-public-contract).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about what .NET API changes break binary compatibility, see [.NET public contract compatibility](../../core/compatibility/index.md#modifications-to-the-public-contract).
```
